I think maybe I could say a little time by saying it now that Senator McCarthy, when I
gave him this memorandum, after he'd seen this memorandum, and I spoke into him, he thought
that I was overly disturbed by the situation.
He thought that I was asked to disturb by this, and that Adam might not have meant what
I thought he meant.
Well now, Mr. Adams was sent by you as you testified to see Senator McCarthy that same
day named in December 9th.
Well, I wouldn't say so.
I suggested he might go see the Senator.
That's right.
And you know that he did go see the Senator?
Uh, I, yes, I know that.
Sure.
Now are you suggesting that the Senator didn't quite believe your memorandum?
No.
Uh, I'm suggesting only that the Senator was not as disturbed about the situation as I
was.
I see.
You have no doubt in any event, though, Mr. Carr.
But that Senator McCarthy, when he stated for the public record on December 15th that he'd
had full cooperation, he meant what he said.
Uh, I have no doubt that he had, I don't know what he meant.
So you don't suggest that he didn't mean it, do you, Mr. Carr?
Uh, well, uh, he said it.
The record speaks for itself, I guess.
Uh, well, you don't want all these people to understand the Senator speaks for the public
record and not mean it, please.
No, I don't.
I, I want you to ask the Senator what he means when he says that.
Perhaps we will, Mr. Carr.
But in so far as your concern, I just want to get it established.
The Chairman has a December 15th.
State has been full cooperation.
Well, all right.
He's a problem.
And that you consider that inconsistent with your memorandum that you say you wrote
on December the 9th?
I consider it inconsistent with my memorandum, yes.
That's right.
Now, I'd like to go back for just a moment, change a pace a little bit.
Do you remember the flight support from a choir or a McGuire base in the Jersey on the
17th?
And there's been an awful lot of talk about a photograph that was taken on that day
or a series of photographs.
Yes.
Uh, it now turns out that you are the, the serious fourth man in the picture, aren't you?
Now, did you see private Chinese you got off the plane?
Yes, sir, I did.
Did you go up to shake hands with them, say, a lower time?
As I recall, there was a, uh, more or less of a round of hand shakes.
Uh, I don't know whether I went up to see him or he went up to see me.
Uh, there were some, uh, other people there that, uh, he shook hands all around and you shook
hands all around.
Hi, I'm sure.
I'm sure that I must have shaken hands with him.
I know I shook hands with General Ryan.
And other people shook hands with private Chinese and General Ryan and other person.
That's correct.
So, did you see that private Chinese had two coats with him?
Uh, I don't recall that he had two coats.
I don't recall that he didn't have two coats.
Well, when the picture was taken, he had a coat on, didn't he?
That's correct.
You didn't see him hand another coat to any Colonel, did you?
Uh, no, I can't say that I saw him hand a coat to a Colonel.
Well, either you did or you did.
Which is it?
Well, I say, as I say, I can't say that I saw him hand a coat to another Colonel.
The reason I wanted to go on was because the reason I can't say is because I recall that
on the flight to Boston that night, Senator McCarthy and Mr. Cohn and I were joking about
the fact that somebody had held a shine's coat so that he could have his picture.
Now, I can't at this point state whether somebody held shine's second coat or his first
coat or whether somebody helped him on with his coat.
I don't know.
I know we joke about it.
We thought it was General Ryan.
At least I thought it was General Ryan, who held his coat and they had been one of the
Colonel's.
The General passed in the column.
Mr. Cohn, I'd been using the word Cohn and the commonest them apparently.
There was some objection to it.
Let's take up another term now that has been used to describe situations that's not
mentioned in the charges.
That is holding a razor blade at the juggler vein of this nation.
I believe you agreed with Senator McCarthy with his application of that term to whom he
referred and his questions while I go.
Did you?
Well, hands in pretty long questions, but I know I will agree that the commonest and especially
those strategically placed in defense industry and in government and in other places do hold
an effect or razor blade at the throat of the nation.
I agree with that.
We'll agree on that now.
Let's go a little further and see if you agree on this.
Do you agree that if your charges are true, that Mr. Adams and Mr. Secretary Stevens
in protecting commoners who have infiltrated using your language are also holding a razor blade
over the juggler vein of this nation?
Could I have the reporter read that I want to tell you?
I can read the data.
You want me to read the data?
If you will.
Yes.
You have agreed that commoners, individual commoners, working in defense class or who have
infiltrated, holding a razor blade over the juggler vein of this nation.
If your charges are true with respect to Secretary Stevens and Mr. Adams, that they have
been protecting those who have infiltrated those commoners.
Would you also agree with me that they are holding a razor blade over the juggler vein of
this nation?
Well, let me put it this way, sir.
I wouldn't say that they are, I think the Communist of the ones that would be holding a razor
blade at the juggler vein of the nation.
I would just say that our charges are statement being what it is, they are not rushing to pull
the razor away.
They are not writing to pull it away.
That is protecting the razor blade.
That is the best I can say.
All right.
Thank you.
That is all.
And there is an injection.
Just a couple of questions, Mr. Car.
What was the reason that you made the trip on November 17th to see private shine at
four days?
Well, I didn't make a trip to see private shine at four days.
I in effect went along for the ride.
I was going to Boston.
I was going to Boston by commercial airplane and the Secretary offered his plane to, in
fact, the insisted that the senator and his party use his plane and I went along.
Well, do you know what the reason was for the trip?
Forced it.
You were highlighting it as a passenger.
Right.
The only answer I could give you to that is that was really the trip to McGuire Airport.
That's right.
The best answer I could give you to that is to tell you that what happened.
I had no knowledge as to the purpose of the trip when I was invited to go along.
Only thing I know is that when we were there, Senator McCoffey in front of the two panels
and a gang later told a private shine that he wanted him to work at every moment he had
an awful lot of training on getting out the reports prepared.
Well, was there any work discussed at this meeting on November 17th?
Yes, there was.
What did you discuss?
I mean, what project?
Well, I personally didn't discuss too much with him.
Mr. Cohn did.
The Senator talked with him about the reports.
When you say report, you're referring to the report on the voice.
When you say the report, what report are we speaking about the information-centered reports
and what in the Voice of America report?
I recall that the Senator spoke to him about other things.
I recall that he mentioned the Oppenheimer situation.
To private shines?
Yes, there was something with discussion about that.
What it was, at this point, on recall.
I mean, if there was some discussion about an investigation on Mr. Oppenheimer, I couldn't
say that.
I just, I get the impression that it related to something perhaps that the shine had done
or knew about.
I didn't pay much attention at this point.
That's about all I can say about it.
You don't recall any information or anything that you need to get from shine on that occasion.
I did, personally, I think maybe Mr. Cohn did, and I don't know whether the Senator needed
it or just wanted to discuss something with him.
But you didn't have any information that you wanted or not at that particular time.
I just went along to get to Boston.
But your recollection was that it was something with reference to the Oppenheimer matter.
No, that's not my recollection, that's what it was.
I don't know all about it.
I do recall that there was some discussion of that subject.
Were you with private shine, Mr. Cohn all the time?
Most of the time, yes, sir.
There were two channels with us most of the time, and I spent some time discussing many
topics with them.
You worked on the hearings in connection with the later of the hearings at Boston, yesterday.
You recall that Mr. Cohn has testified that, on page 646, the circumstances of our meeting
private shine were that prior to commencing certain hearings in Boston, we desired to obtain
from private shine information which we had.
So pertaining to the investigation which we were about to open in Boston, for that reason
we went down to see him and we thought we were going to bot that and that alone.
That's probably very, probably very true, sir.
As I say, I went along to the right.
One of the investigations of the defense plan started.
The investigation of defense plan started as I recall sometime during the fall of the
year.
You know about when?
Yes.
I was during the course of the, during the course of the Fort Momet hearings, I developed
that this radar work was more or less farmed out to different electrical companies and
establishments.
Did the signs start in on this new work then and connection with these defense plans
when he's already in the army?
No sir.
This was in October and it wasn't a question, as far as I know, it wasn't so much a question
of his starting in on new work as a question of his receiving information from an informant
of his who had some knowledge concerning that's my understanding of it.
Some information that was important in connection with the defense industry.
That's all.
Question in my right.
Senator McCarthy, I don't have any questions.
Mr.
I have discussed a number of things publicly when I call.
Trasons have been criticized for that because some claim that I use a word that is too strong.
I would like to now discuss the statements by a five, rather outstanding Americans.
I think all of them telling the truth.
I believe it adds up to what we could call a treason and I'd like to discuss with you
the question of whether or not the American people are entitled to the information or not.
As I've said to you often I think you've hardly agreed.
This is no game or anything.
We think so.
But we see going here some days.
The boot chips are really down now.
There are first our two theories.
One is that if they favor the American people to give them the information about their
servants are doing the other is that they're entitled to the information about their rights.
As you know I subscribe to the letter.
There you are.
I would like to reach you if I may.
From the statements of three individuals and ask you if you don't agree that regardless
of how the information is classified, the American people should not know the background
of this.
General Van Sweets was only with us and one of our really great generals.
Next to Douglas McArthur.
In page 31 he had this to say.
Some are buried as asking a question.
He said, you reported I think General the newspapers as they're called as saying on two
occasions that you could have got from the military victory in Korea.
Is that correct?
General Van Sweets.
I think that was a little overstate of the paper.
Or we might define what you mean by military victory.
I would not say a complete victory.
But in June of 1951 we had the communist armies on the run.
They were heading badly out of supplies.
Completely out of hand.
Out of control.
They were in a panic and were doing their best to fall back.
During their best to fall as far back as possible when we stopped by orders.
We did not pursue to finish the enemy.
Senator Bird, did you recommend that the attack be continued?
General Van Sweets.
I was crying to them to turn me loose.
Then dropping down Senator Bird, if you had had the authority to go ahead and pursue the
enemy as far as you could, what would have been the result?
General Van Sweets.
I believe we would have gotten all his heavy equipment and perhaps two or three hundred thousand
prisoners.
Then General Ridgeway was testifying.
I do not have the money here.
But I can recap it.
I think pretty much the memory.
He was talking about the order to cut down the production of ammunition.
In order which was signed in 1960, he never countermanded.
And as Ridgeway said, as I say, I am not quoting him verbatim, but an effect he said,
in the ammunition piles, ran low, the corpses in the grave's registration section, pile
pie.
And I am quoting you from five individuals.
And one other now, all disconnected episodes, all part of the same picture.
General Boat was testifying about the order which General President Eisenhower counseled
when he took office.
The order which the President referred to as using our Navy as a protective army of the
communists, using our seven fleet of the protective army, army of the communist army.
Here's what General Boat says.
He says the anti-communist Chinese Navy is forbidden to act in any way by order of our
government, which has given orders to our fleet to prevent it from stopping the communist
supply ships going up to Korea.
Those communist supply ships, they'll write by Formosa, equipped with Soviet munitions, put
in the communist ships in Gideonia.
They come all the way around and go right by Formosa and fail past their taking those weapons
up to be used to kill American soldiers in Korea.
And by order of our government, the Chinese Navy is flatly forbidden to stop them on their
way up there.
And some of them are watching us ask the question.
He said with the Chinese Navy, the anti-communist Navy, with the Chinese Navy of the power, except
for the order to intercept them and capture them, and bastard Boat.
Certainly without question sir, without question.
So Mr. Karvin, we are talking about investigating.
We have here a sequence of statements made not 20 years ago and not 10 years ago, from
the very recent plan.
A statement made by General Lowell, till he affects that, because General MacArthur was
hemstrung and brought down, we had to write off tens of thousands of casualties.
This statement by President Eisenhower, that until he took off, our seven fleet was being
used as their protective arm with the communist party.
The statement by General Fan Sleeve, that we could have captured all of the heavy equipment.
And two or three hundred thousand of the enemy, if politicians in Washington had not stopped
him, the testimony of General Ridgeway, to the effects that the ammunition shortage.
When the piles of ammunition ran low, the number of corpses piled high.
The testimony of a master Boat, to the effects that by order of our government.
The Boats were being shipped by Formosa, being used to kill American boys.
Now I have referred to that Mr. Karvin's presence.
I'm not going to ask you to say how you would define it.
I hear Mr. Welch and individuals here talking about the importance of secrecy, whether
or not the American people can know what's going on.
You and I know Mr. Kar, that if individuals were in the government responsible for the
five different incidents which I have just related to you.
And if all of the information is stamped secret, we have no way on earth of knowing whether
they are still there, whether they are still holding important jobs, and the only way
the only way we can determine whether or not the individual responsible for these, what
I call five incidents of treason.
The only way we can find out whether they are still holding positions of power is that
we have access, pretty late to information, except of course anything which would give
out the names of the informants which would endanger the security of this nation.
And do you agree with Mr. Karvin that we get down to this?
It is important beyond words that when we get through with this hearing that somehow
somewhere we work out with this administration, a formula whereby we can get the names, the
American people can see the places of the individuals responsible for as well as says the
deaths or tens of thousands of casualties of America.
I think that we and the people have the right to know and I think it is important that
we, some policy has worked out on that line yesterday.
Mr. Karvin, can you think of any reason why the old Truman Blackout order of 1948 should
be maintained in effect as of 1954?
No, sir.
And if our committee is to perform a function, it is imperative that not that every Blackout
order regardless of whether it is Truman's right or not to be counseled in the standard.
That's correct.
No further questions, Mr. Chairman.
Bob, we have the opportunity to return to our chief.
The Truman Television Network is bringing to you through its facilities the Army McCarthy
Subcommittee hearings.
We pause now for station identification.
Prickly Television Network.
WABD, Channel 5, Duman, here in New York.
In his military parade.
That's the best way correct is.
I mean, if the Army felt that he should be a private, that was all right with you.
That's correct.
You had no interest when we were the other, right?
No, no, no.
Do you think Mr. Colm had any personal interest in private signs, Army career?
No, I don't think he had any, what you call personal interest in his career.
I think he had an interest in his career to more so than I would have since he knew Mr.
Shine better than I did.
To see that, the Army did not miss you's private shine because it comes from the committee.
Did you have any information, sir, that the Army was misusing private shine in any way?
No, I don't, let me think for a second here.
I don't recall any information that the Army was misusing private shine.
No sir, but that wouldn't prevent alertness to such possibility.
Did you think there was such an alertness on your part?
No, I didn't have any great alertness, no sir.
Do you think that Mr. Colm had a great alertness toward the possibility of misuse of private shine?
Well, I think that he didn't have any great alertness.
I think that he had perhaps more than I did and awareness of possibilities of such action being taken by the Army.
Do you think that he was extremely tender on that subject?
No, I don't think he was extremely tender on that subject.
You don't think that he was quick to find any misuse, sir?
No, no, that's misuse, partner.
No, I don't, sir.
No, I don't think he was.
When I think that if Mr. Adams were to offer you a quote, tidbit, unquote, and would fall on deathbears,
you had no interest in this man as an Army private.
Yes, sir, it would fall on deathbears.
Would it have fallen on deathbears on Mr. Colm's part?
Yes, sir, I think it would.
So that these were simply silly acts on the part of John Adams to offer you quote, tidbits, unquote.
I think maybe.
Just plain ridiculous, isn't that right?
I think they were ridiculous, sir.
I think it's your testimony yesterday that John Adams, a reasonably intelligent person,
is said to have offered you tidbits to exchange for breaking a general.
Isn't that right?
I don't recall, I don't know that that's my testimony, but I recall the train ride,
I think that that's what you're referring to.
Well, I'm referring to several things, but that is one.
No, I don't think I said yesterday that he offered tidbits to, uh, and return for the breaking of a general.
No, I don't think that would be the exact way of saying it.
Well, then just saying substance on one occasion, Mr. Adams said,
if you give me a good word on General Lawton, I'll give you a good word on private shines things.
That's the thing you can.
I said that yesterday.
Now, do you really think that happened, Mr. Caron?
Really think what happened?
That he offered a weekend pass to a private in order to get this committee's approval for breaking a general.
Well, you say that he offered a weekend pass.
You give a different connotation to it than I would, and then I did.
He said...
Let me read it to you, so we won't have any misunderstanding.
This is saying 65-15.
Mr. Adams said to Mr. Combe.
Well, if you can give me some good word on the Lawton situation,
maybe I can give you some good word on whether or not Shrine will be available this weekend.
I'm quote.
Yes, that's November 24, no?
That's right.
Yes, go ahead.
Is that the suggestion of a rational person that a weekend pass for a private is a counterbalance for approval of breaking a general?
No, sir.
I think you...
You asked for your testimony. I read it, sir.
Oh, all right.
All right.
You want me to explain it to you now?
No, I just want to know if that's what you intended to give as your testimony.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir?
I'll stand on any testimony I've given here if you can show me something that is wrong if I've met a mistake.
Well, am I wrong in suggesting to you that your testimony is gone Adams' off in a weekend pass
or Senator McCarthy's approval of breaking a general?
No, my testimony here.
If I'm reading from the same page, you are, sir.
65-15.
That's correct.
I haven't misread it, have I?
The second full paragraph.
It says here, Mr. Adams said to Mr. Cohn that if you can give me some good word on the lot in situation,
maybe I can give you some good word on whether or not Shine will be available this weekend.
Did I misread it?
Well, you didn't...
I'm not sure that you read it, but you're talking about did Adams trade off a weekend for a private as against a demotion for a general?
Adams is saying here, as I interpreted it when he said it, he's saying here that if Cohn would...
Actually, he's referring to Senator McCarthy, that's what he's interested in.
If Senator McCarthy would give some good word, that means Senator McCarthy would go along and not make any public statements concerning a removal or demotion.
Of a general?
Of a general.
He then...
He then might be able to do a little...
be a little more agreeable as to whether or not Mr. Shine would be available that weekend to work on committing business.
Now, the secretary of the Army had previously said...
You still answering a question or you making a delay?
I'm answering a question.
I'm not addicted to making speeches, but I like to get the question in here.
The secretary of the Army had said that...
That...
Shine would be available these weekends.
Now, Mr. Adams is using...
Is trying to...
You step the...
The far, assume of the secretary, he's changing things around.
Well, it's still add stuff that there's on one side of the balance, the question of a weekend half for a private.
And on the other side of the balance, the ratification or at least silence on the part of Senator McCarthy...
As to the breaking of a general.
What would that be?
If you want to add it that way, that's all I was made of.
Well, don't you think that's a fair way to add it?
I don't think it's a...
I don't think it's necessarily a fair way to add it.
All right.
You don't have to...
I don't wish to continue a disagreeing with you.
You are entitled to disagree with me at any time you waste it.
Until then, I'll continue.